CY-3564 - Improve widgets documentation (#1440)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/working_with/console/widgets/executions.md

 
 For details about cancelling executions, see [cancelling workflow executions]({{< relref "working_with/workflows/cancelling-execution.md" >}})

### Execution task graph

> Workflows are a set of tasks that can be executed on a node or a group of nodes. Most of them are implemented with tasks graph. When the workflow is being executed, the state of the tasks graph, and each operation in it, is persisted to storage. When the workflow is resumed, the tasks graph is reconstructed, and the execution continues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflows are tasks that can be executed on a node or a group of nodes. Most of them are implemented with a tasks graph. When the workflow is being executed, the state of the tasks graph, and each operation in it, is persisted to storage. When the workflow is resumed, the tasks graph is reconstructed, and the execution continues.
```

Author: I rephrased it a bit as I think "Workflows are tasks" is a bit misleading. What I wanted to describe here is that workflows contains tasks, then tasks can be visualized as tasks graph.

* **Green** - completed
* **Red** - failed

#### Actions

In the upper right corner you can see a toolbar: 

![executions]( /images/ui/widgets/executions-tasks-graph-toolbar.png )

By clicking icons from the toolbar you can:

* Enter **Play mode** in which the view tracks the progress by following tasks in progress
* **Fit to view** to display entire graph inside widget borders 
* **Open in window** to display graph in modal view with miniature view for extremely large workflows

> The task block contains an icon in the bottom right corner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A task node may contain an icon in the bottom right corner:
```
